what is up my bearded nation it is your
boy get off my beard and today guys I
have a sick way for you to get free ammo
and GTA 5 online cuz we all know that
stuff costs way too much GTA 5 money so
guys today if you guys enjoy this video
go ahead and hit that like button help
you try to get to 50 likes that would be
absolutely amazing and also guys if you
knew the channel be sure to subscribe
for the sickest daily GTA 5 content
without any further ado guys let's go
ahead and get into this alright guys so
down in the description below to the ps3
and the Xbox 360 is a mission called
glitch masters free ammo and all you
guys need to do is start that mission up
with at least one other person
preferably three or all of your friends
because everybody that does this is
going to get all of the ammunition all
you need to do once you load up that
mission is go ahead and simply run
around all of these barriers and collect
all of the ammo that is laying on the
ground once all of the ammo has been
picked up if you guys wait about 45
seconds all of that ammo will respawn
again and you can continue to pick it up
so that you can get your entire ammo
inventory completely full for absolute
free and that includes RPGs the golf
club the baseball bat the crowbar
everything that everybody always wants
but has trouble getting on GTA 5 online
especially if you're a lower level this
is the way to do it guys and it's
absolutely free so once you guys have
collected all in the ammo
simply have both of your friends if
there's three of you or more have all of
them simply exit out of this session so
that you win that mission and then
simply click on free mode and you will
be able to then go back to the lobby you
were originally in and as you can see
you're on screen I now have the RPG the
crowbars baseball bat spin you boy I'm
out